Document new AutoCallable structured product (#619)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/daml-finance/instruments/structured-product.rst

Since this option instrument is cash-settled, the underlying asset will not change hands. Instead,
the cash value of the payoff is paid to the BRC holder.

Auto-Callable
=============

The
:ref:`AutoCallable <module-daml-finance-interface-instrument-structuredproduct-autocallable-instrument-66988>`

> instrument models auto-callable notes that pay a conditional coupon. At maturity, the principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instrument models a single-underlying auto-callable note that pays a conditional coupon. At maturity, the principal
```

amount is repaid unless a final barrier has been breached (in which case the performance of the

> underlying is paid). In other words, it is an AutoCallable Barrier Reverse Convertible where the KI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
underlying is paid). In other words, it is an AutoCallable Barrier Reverse Convertible where the knock-in put is struck at 100% and the
```

barrier is observed at maturity.

> This is a single-underlying instrument. If the underlying closes above the call barrier on an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the underlying closes above the call barrier on an
```

observation date, the instrument is automatically redeemed early at the end of that period.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should clarify when the coupon is paid and when it is not paid. 

I would suggest to use sub-sections similar to how a term-sheet for this products is structured. Such as, 

- Redemption at maturity
- Coupon payment
- Early redemption
- Example

Since this option instrument is cash-settled, the underlying asset will not change hands. Instead,
the cash value of the payoff is paid to the BRC holder.

Auto-Callable
=============

The
:ref:`AutoCallable <module-daml-finance-interface-instrument-structuredproduct-autocallable-instrument-66988>`
instrument models a single-underlying auto-callable note that pays a conditional coupon.

Coupon payment
--------------

The conditional coupon is paid in every period unless the *coupon barrier* was hit at the end of the
period. There is no coupon memory, i.e. coupons that are missed due to barrier hits are never repaid
in future periods.

Early redemption
----------------

If the underlying closes above the *call barrier* on an observation date, the instrument is

> automatically redeemed early at the end of that period.

Reviewer: Thanks Marci! Using underlying as a noun, when referring to a derivative's reference asset, is quite common in financial jargon. 

Don't know how official it is, but e.g. https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/underlying#Noun

Redemption at maturity (if not early redeemed)
----------------------------------------------

At maturity, the principal amount is repaid unless a *final barrier* has been breached on the last
observation date (in which case the performance of the underlying is paid). In other words, this
instrument models an AutoCallable Barrier Reverse Convertible where the knock-in put is struck at
100% and the barrier is observed at maturity.

Example
-------

For example, consider an auto-callable yield note that pays a conditional 5% coupon.
This example is taken from
`Instrument/StructuredProduct/Test/AutoCallable.daml <src/test/daml/Daml/Finance/Instrument/StructuredProduct/Test/AutoCallable.daml>`_

> , where all the details are available.

Reviewer 2: Can you also fix the similarly broken link on line 34? 

```
(For more details, see the
`source file <https://github.com/digital-asset/daml-finance/blob/main/src/test/daml/Daml/Finance/Instrument/StructuredProduct/Test/BarrierReverseConvertible.daml>`_ for this example.)
```
